Prevent invalid height value of MainContent when using the `fullHeight` prop (#1252)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/quiet-paws-rush.md

---
"@comet/admin": patch
---

> Prevent a bug that would cause the page tree to have no height when navigating into a page and then navigating back again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevent the `MainContent` component from having an invalid height. 

This bug would cause the page tree to have no height when navigating into a page and then navigating back again.
```
